#summary News about the xsw project
#labels Featured,Phase-Support

== Version 0.3.0 ==

 * the program `xsw2pdf` was created. This programs requires ImageMagick and generates a PDF file from a presentation.
 * the color search function was optimized and should be both faster to execute and to compile.
 * the mouse pointer is now hidden in fullscreen.
 * a strange number was being shown when CTRL was pressed in developer mode.

== Version 0.2.3 ==

 * added a switch `-f` for fullscreen
 * the window title now show the current and total slide number

== Version 0.2.2 ==

 * named colors: now colors can be referred by their X11 names (see [Colors])
 * IDs (template names and custom commands) and named colors are no longer case sensitive.
 * corrected a bug where the background color was not working when using templates
 * added license information to source files

== Version 0.2.1 ==

 * fixed a serious bug where previous presentations would not work.

== Version 0.2.0 ==

 * added options color and gradient to the background.
 * added options color and border to the text.
 * added option h (height) to the text.

== Version 0.1.3 ==

 * a bug was segfaulting xsw when a empty string (or spaces) was about to be shown. This was corrected, and now a empty string can be used as a line spacer.
 * an option `--intro` was added to show a introductory slideshow.
 * the presentation now can be started from any directory - the program will look for the images starting on the presentation path.
 * the file [InstallationInstructions INSTALL] was overwritten by autoconf and was recovered.
 * in developer mode, now xsw shows the fine position of the mouse in a box at the bottom right.

== Version 0.1.2 ==

 * the keyword "text" is no longer needed, and it'll be ignored in new versions
 * the limit of 1024 slides/commands was removed. There's no limit now.
 * the keywords "image" and "background" can be used as "img" and "bg"
 * a "-v" option was added the show the program version
 * a syntax error now shows the line where the error ocurred
 * a option called "image_path" was added, so that xsw will look for images in that directory as well
 * documentation was corrected to inform about comments and keys that can be used during the execution of the program

== Version 0.1.1 ==

 * A problem was corrected when building in a system where one of the libraries was in /usr/local/.
 * A Win32 version was released.

== Version 0.1 ==

First public release.