#summary Reference for xsw language
#labels Featured,Phase-Support

== xsw Reference ==

{{{
template: NAME
  - [commands...]
  - CUSTOM_COMMAND: [text_parameters]

slide: [template]
  - text: "my string" [text_parameters]
  - image: "image_path.jpg" [image_parameters]
  - background: "image_path.jpg" [background_parameters]
  - [CUSTOM_COMMAND]: "my string"
}}}

Every minus sign (-) is a new command to be executed. A plus sign (+) in a text command means the parameters will be copied from the previous command - this can be used to write multiple lines of text.

== Commands and Parameters ==

=== text ===

The text command writes a text on the screen. The parameters are:

||x||the horizontal position (`0~100`, default: `4`)||
||y||the vertical position (`0~75`, default: `3`)||
||size||font size (default: `36`)||
||font||font face, must be one of: `sans`, `serif` or `mono` (default: `sans`)||
||style||font style, must be one of: `italic` (default: `no style`)||
||align||alignment of the x position, must be one of: `center`, `right` (default: `no alignment`)||

=== image ===

The image command pastes a image on the screen. The parameters are:

||x||the horizontal position (`0~100`, default: `4`). Negative values can be used.||
||y||the vertical position (`0~75`, default: `3`)||
||scale||the image zoom, `1` being 100% (default: `1`). Values higher than 1 make the image grow, values less than 1 make the image shrink (ex: `0.4`)||

=== background ===

Similar to the image command, but automaticly scale the image to the screen
size. The parameters are:

||x||the horizontal position (`0~100`, default: `0`). It can be used to move the background image. Negative values can be used.||
||y||the vertical position (`0~75`, default: `0`)||
||expand||this parameters defines what happens when the aspect ration of the image is not the same as the screen. If `horizontal` is chosen, the left and right sides of the image will be anchored with the left and right side of the screen. (default: `vertical`)||


== Templates ==

Templates can be used to write a slide layout that is used by many slides in 
the presentation. It's similar to what !MS PowerPoint calls "master slide".

Example:

{{{
template: mytemplate
  - background: "mylogo.jpg"

slide: mytemplate
  - text: "Title"
}}}

In this case, the slide will be created with the mylogo.jpg background. Any
number of templates can be created and used on any number of slides.

A template can also contain a custom command. This can be used to create a text
that'll have the same properties in all slides. Example:

{{{
template: mytemplate
  - title: x:50 y:10 align:center

slide: mytemplate
  - title: "My Title"
}}}

In this case, a "title" command is created containing some parameters (but not
a text). The text is referenced in the first slide.

A template can also be referenced from another slide, such as this:

{{{
template: mycompany
  - background: "logo.png"

template: cover mycompany
  - title: x:50 y:10 align:center

slide: cover
  - title: "My Company"
}}}