.\" Source file covered by the GNU Public License v3 
.\" See LICENSE file or <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt/>

.\" Process with
.\" groff -man -Tascii xsw.1
.\"

.TH XSW 6 "April 2009" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
xsw \- a slideshow presentation tool

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xsw [options] FILE

.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
xsw is a slideshow presentation tool for all those who are frustrated with
Microsoft PowerPoint and its clones. 

It uses SDL as backend and reads from a input file, that should be written
by the user in the xsw language described in the manual.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-I\fR, \fB\-\-intro\fR
Display a presentation that shows a brief introduction about what xsw is and
how it works.
.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB\-\-last\fR
Starts in the last slide. This can be used as a help when writing the 
presentation, since the user will usually be writing the last slide.
.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB\-\-developer\fR
Starts in developer mode. This means a grid will be shown to help the developer
to position his strings and images. This grid can also be turned on and off by
pressing CTRL+D.
.TP
\fB-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
display application version information
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
display application help

.SH AUTHOR
Andre' Wagner <andre.nho@gmail.com>.
.PP
All development is done at http://xsw.googlecode.com/
.PP
This manual page was written by Andre' Wagner <andre.nho@gmail.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright  (C)  2009 Andre' Wagner
.PP
There is NO warranty.
You may redistribute this software under the terms of  the  GNU
General  Public License.  For more information about these matters, see
the files named COPYING.
